OPLAN BENTA  2014  SPECIAL AWARDS   
Special Awards  Growth Buster  Rookie of the Year  Consistency  Millionaires Club   
Special Awards  Growth Buster   
· Given to brokers with the highest year-on-year increase in qualified sales (with corresponding increase in option sales)  · Broker classification is as follows: (Based on 2013 Qualified Sales)  SMALL MEDIUM BIG  10 M and below > 10 M to 40 M > 40 M  · Minimum required growth in qualified  sales  =  25% increase VS previous year (with corresponding increase in option sales   
Rewards for SMALL Brokers Growth Buster GM with one of his Top AM and Top SA, together with the President  P15,000  Buffet Dinner at The Palms Country Club  Recognition Plaque  Feature in the Recognition Board   
Rewards for MEDIUM Brokers Growth Buster GMs with one of his Top AM and Top 2 SAs, together with the President  P30,000  Buffet Dinner at Crimson Hotel Alabang  Recognition Plaque  Feature in the Recognition Board   
Rewards for BIG Brokers Growth Buster GMs with Top 2 AMs and Top 4 SAs, together with the President  P60,000  Buffet Dinner at Crimson Hotel Alabang  Recognition Plaque  Feature in the Recognition Board   
Special Awards  Rookie of the Year   
· Given to the top rookie broker (GM) with:  First accreditation in 2014  The highest performance per cluster above the qualifying sales of P30 M during the contest period  · Chosen from the Broker Group ­ GM Level · The clusters are as follows:       South-West North-East Metro Manila FAI/FDC Visayas Mindanao   
Qualifying Sales  Above the qualifying sales of  P30 M during the contest period   
Reward for Top Rookie Broker per Cluster  P50,000   
Special Awards  Consistency   
· Given to brokers who have consistently made it to the Top 10 in terms of qualified sales in 2013 and 2014 (excluding Corporate Major and other Special Awards winners)   
Rewards for Consistent Brokers   
Special Awards  Millionaires Club   
· Automatically given to in-house sellers and brokers who have earned  at least P1M within the year   
Rewards   
1. All 2014 contests and incentives for sellers shall commence on December 1, 2013. Coverage Period: - Qualified sales from December 1, 2013 to November 30, 2014  2. For projects without LTS, only CREQ and required PDCs must be submitted. Signed documents are no longer required. - Required PDCs: In-house financing: PDCs of DP and loanable amount (60+1) Deferred accounts: PDCs of the loanable amount Other financing schemes: PDCs of the DP only   
3. Commercial and industrial projects beyond P15M (TLP) per unit are not included in the cluster and corporate contests but are eligible for raffle rewards and group tour rewards. 4. Other requirements: - 1st down payment collected - With updated payment - Net of forfeitures   
. The management of Filinvest reserves the right to modify portions of the incentives package as deemed necessary. Terms and conditions apply. 2014 Incentives and Contests' information are also available online at the Seller's Hub. Simply log on to www.filinvest.com.ph   
